For now, all maps must have at least 2 citizens. The first citizen is automatically colorified. 
If there are no citizens, then the code that colorfies the first citizen crashes.
If there is only 1 citizen, then the game starts out at 100% progress and is considered an instant victory.

For story-mode levels, only add citizens that will be NEW for that level. The citizens from the previous level will
(eventually) be automatically carried over from the previous level. 

Sprites...

	CITIZEN x y gender variety [tx ty]
	
	x and y are tile coordinates, not pixel coordinates
	gender is M or F (capitalized). Technically it's 'M' for male and anything else for female.
	variety is 1 through 4. Look in the Images/Sprites folder to see which ones are which.
	
	tx and ty are its Target X,Y. It will walk back and forth from its starting point to tx, ty (tile coordinates) 
	until that sprite has been colorized
	
	POLICE x y variety
	
	x and y are tile coordinates
	variety:
		1 - traditional police officer uniform
		2 - riot control officer

Carry-over...

	CARRYOVER x y
	
	This will take the contents of the previous level and place them on the map
	such that the top left corner of the previous map will be positioned at x,y. 

Roads...

	ROAD startX startY endX endY
	
	these indicate the path of the yellow double line. 2 tiles of asphault and 1 tile of surrounding sidewalk will
	emanate from the points on this line. Intersected lines will automatically generate an intersection.

Buildings...

	BUILDING x y width height roof-height variety
	
	x and y refer to the top left corner of the building
	width is the overall width of the building
	height is the overall height of the building
	roof-height is the overall height of the roof tiles
	variety describes which building to place:
		1 - brick building

	HOUSE x y variety
	
	x and y are the top left corner
	The house is 5 wide and 7 tall
	varieties:
		1 - green
		2 - blue
		3 - pink

Vegetation...

	BUSH x y width
	
	x and y are the left side of the bush
	width is width

	TREE x y GREEN|ORANGE|RED
	
	3 kinds of tress. case insensitive

Place tile specifically...

	TILE type x y
	
	The type is the string as it appears in the key of the big dictionary at the beginning of tile.py.
	(The key is to the left of the colon on each line)
	
	RECT type left top width height
	
	Same as TILE command, but draws a rectangle of width-by-height with the top left corner at (left, top) 
	
	These commands are run last after all other commands are run.
	They run in order, so you can create a floor by RECT int/floor ... and apply furniture with TILE commands after that